README.md, before:

# DSA-Let-s-Fire-

[![Alt DSA image](https://fiverr-res.cloudinary.com/images/t_main1,q_auto,f_auto,q_auto,f_auto/gigs/121662126/original/55059c64dd71754bf4276b8b9077cc139c59af52/do-data-structures-algorithms-in-java-programming.png)](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-)

**Problems**, which are not a Problem :

[Begin Your Journey](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/ProgramBasics/tree/master/src/deepak)


[`Patterns`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Patterns/src/com/company)


[Functions/Methods](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Functions/src/com/functions)

*  [Arrays](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays) :
([`🤣 Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Basics/src/com/company)) , 
([`😅 Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Easy)) ,
([`😥 Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Medium))
([`😭Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Hard))

*  [Searching :](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Searching)

[Linear Search : ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search)
([`Basics Of Linear Search`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search/Linear_Search_Basics/src/com/company)) , 
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search/Easy))

[Binary Search : ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Searching/Binary%20Search/src/com/company)
([`Basics Of Binary Search`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Basic/src/com/company)) , 
([`Binary Search in 2D Array - Basics`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Basic_2D_Array/src/com/company)) ,
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Hard))



*  [Sorting](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting) :
([`Notes`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Notes)) ,
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Hard))

----->   [Bubble Sort or Sinking Sort or Exchange Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Bubble%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Bubble%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Selection Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Selection%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Selection%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Insertion%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Insertion%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Cycle Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Hard))

----->   [Merge Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/blob/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company/f1MergeSort.java) :

----->   [Quick Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/blob/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company/f2QuickSort.java) :


*  [Strings](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Basics) :
([`Notes` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Notes))
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Hard))



*  [Recursion](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion/Easy))



*  [Bitwise and Maths](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/src/com/company) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/src/com/company)) ,
([`Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/Bitwise/Easy))







# Important Links -
- [LeetCode Important Articles](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/665604/Important-and-Useful-links-from-all-over-the-LeetCode)
- [Sorting Algorithms](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1091763/must-do-all-required-sorting-algorithms-complete-guide)
- [LeetCode Pick](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1041234/become-leetcodes-pick-win-leetcoins-and-leetcode-goodies)
- [Fenwick Trees](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1093346/introduction-to-fenwick-treebinary-indexed-treebit)
- [Interview Prep Guide](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1098600/topics-which-you-cant-skip-interview-preparation-study-plan-using-leetcode)
- [System Design: Distributed Systems](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1105898/system-design-introduction-to-distributed-systems-designing-a-highly-available-system)
- [14 patterns to ace any technical interview - HackerNoon article](https://hackernoon.com/14-patterns-to-ace-any-coding-interview-question-c5bb3357f6ed)
- [Sorting Algo Cheat Sheet by Keerti Purswani](https://youtu.be/4gW6P5A1gxs)
- [How to ace the Technical Project Discussion Round by Maghav Goyal](https://medium.com/@maghavgoyal/the-brute-force-approach-70ff8e4fc622)
- [Tech Interview Handbook](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/)

Commit message:

Leetcode important and Monotonic Stack article

README.md, after:

# DSA-Let-s-Fire-

[![Alt DSA image](https://fiverr-res.cloudinary.com/images/t_main1,q_auto,f_auto,q_auto,f_auto/gigs/121662126/original/55059c64dd71754bf4276b8b9077cc139c59af52/do-data-structures-algorithms-in-java-programming.png)](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-)

**Problems**, which are not a Problem :

[Begin Your Journey](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/ProgramBasics/tree/master/src/deepak)


[`Patterns`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Patterns/src/com/company)


[Functions/Methods](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Functions/src/com/functions)

*  [Arrays](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays) :
([`🤣 Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Basics/src/com/company)) , 
([`😅 Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Easy)) ,
([`😥 Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Medium))
([`😭Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Arrays/Hard))

*  [Searching :](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Searching)

[Linear Search : ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search)
([`Basics Of Linear Search`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search/Linear_Search_Basics/src/com/company)) , 
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Linear%20Search/Easy))

[Binary Search : ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Searching/Binary%20Search/src/com/company)
([`Basics Of Binary Search`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Basic/src/com/company)) , 
([`Binary Search in 2D Array - Basics`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Basic_2D_Array/src/com/company)) ,
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Binary%20Search/Hard))



*  [Sorting](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting) :
([`Notes`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Notes)) ,
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Hard))

----->   [Bubble Sort or Sinking Sort or Exchange Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Bubble%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Bubble%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Selection Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Selection%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Selection%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Insertion Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Insertion%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Insertion%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))

----->   [Cycle Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Hard))

----->   [Merge Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/blob/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company/f1MergeSort.java) :

----->   [Quick Sort](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/blob/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company/f2QuickSort.java) :


*  [Strings](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Basics) :
([`Notes` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Notes))
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Easy)) ,
([`Medium`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Strings/Medium)) ,
([`Hard`](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Sorting/Cycle%20Sort/Hard))



*  [Recursion](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion/Basics/src/com/company))
([`Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Recursion/Easy))



*  [Bitwise and Maths](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/src/com/company) :
([`Basics` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/src/com/company)) ,
([`Easy` ](https://github.com/YourOwnItsMeDHC/DSA-Let-s-Fire-/tree/master/Bitwise%20%26%20Maths/Bitwise/Easy))







# Important Links -
- [LeetCode Important Articles](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/665604/Important-and-Useful-links-from-all-over-the-LeetCode)
- [LeetCode Important Articles - 2](https://gist.github.com/avidLearnerInProgress/1c0d49f5069bc45712ddd5e70c11d2d9)
- [Sorting Algorithms](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1091763/must-do-all-required-sorting-algorithms-complete-guide)
- [A comprehensive guide and template for monotonic stack based problems](https://leetcode.com/discuss/study-guide/2347639/A-comprehensive-guide-and-template-for-monotonic-stack-based-problems)
- [LeetCode Pick](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1041234/become-leetcodes-pick-win-leetcoins-and-leetcode-goodies)
- [Fenwick Trees](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1093346/introduction-to-fenwick-treebinary-indexed-treebit)
- [Interview Prep Guide](https://leetcode.com/discuss/interview-question/1098600/topics-which-you-cant-skip-interview-preparation-study-plan-using-leetcode)
- [System Design: Distributed Systems](https://leetcode.com/discuss/general-discussion/1105898/system-design-introduction-to-distributed-systems-designing-a-highly-available-system)
- [14 patterns to ace any technical interview - HackerNoon article](https://hackernoon.com/14-patterns-to-ace-any-coding-interview-question-c5bb3357f6ed)
- [Sorting Algo Cheat Sheet by Keerti Purswani](https://youtu.be/4gW6P5A1gxs)
- [How to ace the Technical Project Discussion Round by Maghav Goyal](https://medium.com/@maghavgoyal/the-brute-force-approach-70ff8e4fc622)
- [Tech Interview Handbook](https://www.techinterviewhandbook.org/)
